//Name: Alon Raigorodetsky
//User ID: 109763201
//Date: 19/11/2021
//email: araigorodetsky@myseneca.ca


//I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.


(1) In the mergeSmart() function, I have used a unique smart
pointer. The advantage of a unique smart pointer over the raw pointer syntax is
that regardless of the flow of control of the program, we can guarantee that
the resource (dynamically allocated Product object) is deallocated whenever the
smart pointer object itself goes out of scope. If the validate() member
function throws an exception, the run time escapes the normal flow of the
application and rather just simply unwinds the function call stack until it
reaches a caller from a function within a try catch block. That is, control
will return from the call to mergeSmart() before control reaches its
terminating closing brace skipping code within its definition. When the stack
unwinds from the mergeSmart() function, all objects of automatic storage
duration allocated within are simply popped off the stack. Since the unique
smart pointer itself was allocated off the stack, it too will be deallocated
due to stack unwinding which invokes its destructor which in turn deallocates
the dynamically allocated Product object (it’s owned resource) upon its own
destruction. In short smart pointers in general allow for exception safety.

(2) In the raw pointer solution, if the validate() member function threw an
exception, the stack would do an unwinding process which would deallocate all objects of
automatic storage duration but not dynamic storage duration which causes an
important issue that requires our attention. In the mergeRaw(),
we store the address of a dynamically allocated Product object in a
raw pointer. if the validate() member function were to throw an exception, the
raw pointer will simply go out of scope due to stack unwinding skipping the
delete expression required to deallocate the memory associated with the pointer
as it has dynamic storage duration which ultimately causes a memory leak. In
order to fix the memory leak, although not required by the workshops
specifications, is to wrap the call to the validate() member function in a try
catch block. The try catch block will allow the exception to be handled within
the same scope as the raw pointer allowing the chosen exception handler to
deallocate memory allocated to the raw pointer. A possible issue arises when
more than one function in the application dynamically allocate an object of
type Product and also subsequently call the validate() member function. For
every occurrence of this logic the programmer is responsible to wrap the call
to the validate() member function within a try catch in order to trap any
possible memory leaks.